What happened to the handsome?
It's Yao Wenwen
He is pregnant
And that's a good thing.
Then I'll leave it to you to deal with what happened.
I'll go first
Chu Lao, Yao Wenwen
Where did you come from?
He was Jie Shao's girlfriend before
Now, I'm angry and my head is bright with our eldest young master
So it seems that this Yao Wenwen
The way is wrong?
It's better than us Xiaojing
Mr. Chen, don't say that
How can I be worthy of the eldest young master?
Old you saw it
Xiaojing is a noble character that I have cultivated since I was a child
loyal
The eldest young master is not open to consideration
Oops, tell the truth
After all, this is our eldest young master's private matter
It's inconvenient for the old man to say more
Hey, okay, Xiaojing, what are you still doing?
Everyone is gone, yes, I will go now